notes to change the slack integration and remove it (#708)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/product/administration/slack-integration-setup.md

Once you have populated your configuration, just run the installer as described in the [installation guide](./install.md#running-the-installer).

After the installation script finishes. You can now go to your self-hosted Spacelift instance, to Settings -> Slack and install the Slack app into your workspace.

## Updating the Slack integration

To update the Slack integration for your self-hosted Spacelift instance:

### 1. Modify the Installer Config

Update the config.json file with the new Slack app details:

```json
{
    "slack_config": {
        "enabled": true,
        "client_id": "<new client id here>",
        "client_secret": "<new client secret here>",
        "signing_secret": "<new signing secret here>"
    }
}
```

### 2. Restart the Server

> After updating the configuration: Re-run the install.sh script to apply the changes, please resetart The server ECS service as the configuration is loaded during startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After updating the configuration, re-run the install.sh script to apply the changes. Once the installer finishes, please restart the server ECS service as the configuration is loaded during startup.
```

> Note : If you are using Slack notification policies, ensure the updated channel IDs are reflected in the policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you are using Slack notification policies, ensure the updated channel IDs are reflected in the policies.
```

## Removing Slack Integration

To remove the Slack integration from your self-hosted Spacelift instance:

### 1. Uninstall the Slack App

> Remove the Slack app from your workspace by following Slack's [guide](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/360003125231-Remove-apps-and-customised-integrations-from-your-workspace){: rel="nofollow"}

Reviewer: @Daniellem97 just a thought - is it worth also including this part of the info in the [Slack integration](https://docs.spacelift.io/integrations/chatops/slack) docs page? I know it's shown on the UI, but I know I've certainly been confused about it in the past.

Author: Good idea, ill merge this and add it to the normal docs tomorrow
